chore(release): Automated agent release notes (v1.0.14) (#1261)
armory/docs: content/en/armory-enterprise/release-notes/rn-armory-agent/agent-service/agent-service-v-1-0-14.md

---
title: v1.0.14 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-28)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.14

---

Fixes:
## Fixes

> Fixed an issue that caused a delay for cancelling ongoing watches when an account disconnects or gets removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue that delayed cancelling ongoing watches when an account disconnects or gets removed.

```

---
title: v1.0.14 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-28)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.14

---

> Fixes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---
title: v1.0.14 Armory Agent Service (2022-02-28)
toc_hide: true
version: 01.00.14

---

Fixes:

> - Delay to cancel ongoing watches when a disconnection occurs or an account is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Fixes

Fixed an issue that caused a delay for cancelling ongoing watches when an account disconnects or gets removed.
```
